{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 AA Meeting:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 - The photos in this sketch are simply photos I am going to take inspiration from when I design and code the map of Manhattan \
- The first photo is inspiration for the colours of the map and the overall design of each AA meeting. I want to keep the background extremely neutral and then represent each AA meeting space in a brighter colour. \
- I wanted there to be a way that the user can directly choose which area of Manhattan they are looking for. I would use the second photo for inspiration for this idea as every circle would represent a district of Manhattan. These photos would be placed next to the overall map (picture 3) and be used as a way to quickly navigate to a specific neighbourhood. \
- The third image is the default view of the map as is shows Manhattan as a whole. The use can then zoom into specific streets or can simply click on one of the circle next to the map to go directly to a neighbourhood. \
- Once they have chosen the neighbourhood, they can click on a coloured icon which will bring up all of the information about the meeting location and time. \
- Ideally I would like to incorporate a way for the user to find meeting based on time first and not just location but this may have to come after I have coded my initial idea. Thus, I am assuming that the user will want to find a meeting based on locality and not timing or special interest. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Dear Diary:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 - The default view of my dear diary assignment will look like a calendar for the days that I collected data. \
- Each day will have a picture from that diary entry as the background and the user will be able to click that day which will lead them to that specific diary entry. \
- The diary entries will look similar to a blog post and will combine text, image, video and sound. \
- I want to design the diary entries to look almost like a collage of my brain from that day and hopefully have some form of interactivity. This could possibly mean that the user is able to play around with the different elements on the diary page and move images and text around to create their own collage of that day. \
- Ideally, I would also like to add a way to view the posts categorically where each type of medium is listed. This would group all the images together, music together and text together. I want to do this because I think it will be an interesting way to view the data and may help bring to light some trends throughout the data collection period. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Sensor: \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 - This sketch is a visualization of the light in my apartment as collected by my photoresists sensor. \
- The horizontal axis represents the individual days that the data was collected and the vertical axis represents the hours of the day. \
- Each circle represents one hour of the day.\
- I chose to play the hours on the vertical axis because I want to see trends throughout the collection period such as when I normally go to sleep, wake up or leave the lights on in my apartment. \
- The colour of each circle will range depending on the amount of light in that hours. I hope to use a colour scale and average the amount of light for that hour to get the exact shade ranging from white to black. \
}